docs(ISSUE_TEMPLATE): tweak issue templates (#4068)
w3c/respec: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
What problem are you trying to solve? E.g. "I'd really like to do X, but I can't because Y."

**Describe the solution you'd like**
What new thing would you like ReSpec to do? Is there a similar solution in other software?

**Additional context**
Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

**Describe any alternatives you've considered**
How are you currently working around this limitation?

**Can you or your organization fund the work or help with development?**
ReSpec is a community maintained project, meaning it doesn't have any dedicated staff or funding.

> There are two options to get your feature implemented. You can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three options to get your feature implemented. You can:
```

1. contribute to the project yourself via a pull request. We will [guide](https://respec.org/docs/#developers-guide) you!

> 2. fund a contributor to implement your feature (US$500+ depending on complexity).

Reviewer: And "just wait"? Maybe instead of "get your featured implemented", say prioritized?

> 2. fund a contributor to implement your feature (US$500+ depending on complexity).
> 

Author: ```suggestion
2. fund a contributor to prioritize your feature (usually US$500+ depending on complexity).
3. wait for someone to get to it (usually a few months).
```
